Topic:
1)Pipeline
2)Dataset
3)To copy data from the local server(Mysql) to AzureDb - used one storage account 
3)To copy data from the local server (MySql) to AzureDb - used 2nd storage account (to link the local server to another 2nd storage account container)
4)Trigger- 
    	 a)Schedule Trigger - The event triggered at a particular time
	 b)Tumbling Trigger - The event is triggered in past and future time
	c)Event storage Trigger - When we upload or delete a file other than a Txt file then this Event is triggered.
5)Create a data set and copy it from 1 blob storage to another blob storage. (txt, JSON file)
6)To connect to local SQL for the first time download Integration Runtime.
7)Delete a file from the container and show in the storage account which file has been deleted.
8)Delete a file from the local system and show in the storage account which file has been deleted.
9) Parameter and Parameterized linked service- Ex - our source is Blob storage and we want to send data to DEV, UAT, and Prod environment. (create a single dataset and this will handle all 3 environments).
Step - 1) create 3 different environments - UAT, TEST, DEV
step -2) create a dynamic parameter in the linked service
step -3 Create a dynamic parameter in Datasets 
step -4) create dynamic parameters in Pipelines
10)System Variables Demo Stored Procedure added in (dynamic data load pipeline)- These are at Pipeline Level
11)Variables - They are defined and accessed on the Pipeline Level and it supports 3 types of data type - string, bol, and Array.
12)Activity - 1) LookUp Activity- It can retrieve data from any Azure Data Factory.
             2)Set Variable Activity - It is used to set the variable of an existing variable of type String.
             3)If condition Activity 
             4)Meta Data Activity - To get all information of Data or file
             5)Filter Activity Activity - requirement - Load the customer data in the customer table and sales data in the sales table in the SQL server (test env)
             6)ForEach Activity
             7)Wait Activity
             8)Until Activity
             9)Validation Activity
             10)Switch Activity
             11)Append Variable Activity
             12)Stored Procedure Activity
	     13)Fail Activity
	     14)Execute Pipeline Activity 
             15)Script Activity - same as SQL commands
             
13)Pipeline Dependencies 
14)Data Flow - Project 2(Branch) Demo

